From forth the fatal loins of these two foes; A pair of star-cross’d lovers take their life.

Now old desire doth in his death-bed lie

The day to cheer and night's dank dew to dry

If e'er thou wast thyself, and these woes thine, Thou and these woes were all for Rosaline.

The very pin of his heart cleft with the  blind bow-boy's butt-shaft: and is he a man to  encounter Tybalt?”

Gallop apace, you fiery-footed steeds Towards Phoebus' lodging!

As Phaethon would whip you to the west!

I have a faint cold fear thrills through my veins, That almost freezes up the heat of life.

When griping grief the heart doth wound, And doleful dumps the mind oppress,

With us to watch the minutes of this night.”

Once upon a midnight dreary , while I pondered , weak and weary ,
 
Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore,—      

While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping.

From my books surcease of sorrow—sorrow for the lost Lenore— 

For the rare and radiant maiden whom the angels name Lenore— 

And the silken, sad, uncertain rustling of each purple curtain 

Doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before; 

“Surely,” said I, “surely that is something at my window lattice; 

Open here I flung the shutter, when, with many a flirt and flutter, 

Wintry white wisps wondrously whirl

Soft sparkling snowflakes silently swirl

Coolly carpeting countrysides carefully

Dazzling diamonds dancing delightfully

Cloony the Clown sat down and cried

When I see birches bend from left and right

With swift, slow; sweet, sour; adazzle, dim;

Behemoth, biggest born of earth, upheaved

But blessed forms in whistling storms, Fly o’er waste fens and windy fields.

He was four times a father, this fighter prince:

Heorogar, Hrothgar, the good Halga

a balm in bed to the battle-scarred Swede.

whereat with blade, with bloody blameful blade he bravely broached his bloody boiling breast

When to the sessions of sweet silent thought

Borne on the bier with white and bristly beard

The day to cheer and night’s dank dew to dry

Good night! Good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow

Mary sat musing on the lap-flame at the table

Waiting for Warren. When she heard his step…

Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers.

A peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked.

If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers,

Where’s the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked?

The fair breeze blew, the white foam flew, The furrow followed free

I'll kill him though," he said. "In all his greatness and his glory

I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.

Into that silent sea.

"Good Friends, for Jesus' sake forbear,

Blest be the man that spares these stones,

And curst be he that moves my bones."

you'll have your nephews neigh to you

you'll have coursers for cousins

and gennets for germans....

the bloody book of law You shall yourself read in the bitter letter After your own sense

Sounds and sweet airs, that give delight and hurt not.

Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments

The City’s voice itself is soft like Solitude’s

The white corpuscles and the red corpuscles stand stock still and stupidly stare at each other.

Up the aisle, the moans and screams merged with the sickening smell of woolen black clothes worn in summer weather and green leaves wilting over yellow flowers

